[Filters] add wrapping behaviour when strings with no spacing overflow (#10012)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/empty-walls-design.md

---

> '@shopify/polaris': minor
> ---
> 
> Added support for wrapping overflow of strings with no spacing within `Filters` popover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

Fixed wrapping overflow of strings with no spacing within `Filters` popover
```
